# 9/17 Visual Analysis

- speaking does not equal writing
    + writing is not native to us like speaking is

- pigeon = a shorthand for communication between people who speak different languages
    + creole - the mixing of two languages

- Visually Analyze:
    + find image or gif (meme or something)
    + answer questions on pg. 277, 285, 289
    + email Saye ([emsaye@hotmail.com](emsaye@hotmail.com))
        * subject: English 1102 9am
    + due **Friday**
    + [image](http://media.cagle.com/35/2014/09/17/153802_600.jpg)
    + pg.277
        1. The genre is  political cartoon
        2. The purpose of the image is to illustrate the actual situation going on between democratic countries and [ISIS](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Islamic_State_of_Iraq_and_the_Levant)
        3. The thesis of this political cartoon is the democratic countries of the world that seem to think that they have a responsibility to the rest of the world to keep ISIS in check are indeed not doing very much to reach their goal. 
        4. The author forces readers' attention by illustrating ISIS as a huge, dangerous-looking dog, making the point that ISIS is indeed a threat that we must be worried about.
        5. I think that the text speaks the truth and makes me want to inform other people about the current way our government handles the problem with ISIS
    + Pg. 285
        1.  The author is Olle Johansson
        2.  Johansson's ethos comes from the genre being a political cartoon. Artists of this genre generally carry a certain ethos because of the political nature of the industry. 
        3.  The audience is being persuaded to question the foreign policy practices that their government makes towards ISIS.
        4.  The author forces readers' attention by illustrating ISIS as a huge, dangerous-looking dog, making the point that ISIS is indeed a threat that we must be worried about.
        5. I think that the text speaks the truth and makes me want to inform other people about the current way our government handles the problem with ISIS.
    + pg. 289
        1. The target audience are the people of democratic nations.
        2. A variety of genres might appeal to the audience members, especially forms of media such as television and newspapers. The audience expects from the form and content a pungent and humorous satire. The author does use a very effective genre to get their message out.
        3. The audience is assumed to have prior knowledge of current events, specifically, the situation between the United States, Israel, and ISIS.  The audience may already have taken a side for or against the US, forming their bias against or with them.
        4. An ethical, emotional, and rational appeal all might heighten the convincing effect that the text has on the audience. 
        5. The audience expects that the author know what he is talking about and that he illustrate a point in a creative way